This is the physical environment in which I worked, varied and see the
enable ship shook our environment. Aria in the engineering spaces was
was on the eventual ships. Very hot way. Had stress programs, horse.
But is there any spaces? Were man 25 hours a day, of course. Topside.
Spaces of bridge war. The combat mission set in the heart of the
ship. They were at condition spaces, in fact, avarice. What? Don't
worry. You know you wear sweaters inside the ship. Just stay warm
because you have to keep yours. Oh, um, physically, the ship's a ship's
environment under way, is very demanding. You have to be in shape.
Physically fit. Well, that's one of the reasons we have. Ah, his
memories.